What's up?
Nothing.
I'm worried about Kong.
Why did you draw this?
Can we go?
Look at me.
I don't belong here!
I don't belong anywhere.
You belong with me.
And I belong with you.
I'm scared something
is wrong with me.
There is nothing wrong with you.
You're perfect.
I feel like I'm going crazy.
He's hurt.
Rest.
You'll feel better.
Looks good.
I want to go with you.
There are a thousand reasons
it's not safe for you down
there.
Something is calling me.
"You belong with me,
I belong with you."
Gonna use my own
words against me?
Really?
Besides, you may
need me for Kong.
You will stay near
me at all times.
Ground to Monarch station...
...we're closing in
on Godzilla's position.
The reactors are compromised!
This whole area is irradiated!
We need to retreat!
It's getting stronger.
It came from around there.
You sure...?
These are the
symbols of my people!
What happened to them?
This site was a temple...
...a place of worship.
From my dreams.
I can feel their thoughts.
It's okay.
This is where it came from.
I lost home.
I told him we need help.
I'm so proud of you.
I know that this place...
...you feel like is home.
And I want you to know that
whatever you decide
I support.
What are you talking about?
I assumed you wanted to stay.
Wherever we go,
whatever we do...
...we do it together.
This place could be your home.
You. Are. My. Home.